On 23/10/2025 instructions on the Threads web app to post the following contents, separated in separate posts in the form of only text, were made, to a post shown as only text with the contents "So why waste 1.4 Billion dollars for spreading anti china propaganda" with URL https://www.threads.com/@samprit_indclicks/post/DRNHCSUiDEQ?xmt=AQF0oRrnzoAfuVHH63NW5Os3ytkX-pZU3hmExesjVfmCBQ , copied on the webapp:

  I address you officially here replying to this message.

  As a Chinese citizen fleeing prosecution, I set up this account for the purposes of documentation of my journey to seeking international protection being in exile, in Malaysia. As an intrinsically part of designated activities, disseminating information about the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is also included.

  Being a survivor from different dimensions of crimes of the CCP, I have clearly understood the methodology of their fundamentals entailing the way they use to criminate their citizens. For the interactions with related posts online on topic, it could demonstrate my ability of identification and determination of different types of international human rights violations committed by the Party.

  Keeping a high standard of quality of personal conducts, these kind of dissemination, which could sometimes be considered as propaganda on its nature, are ensured to keeping the quality as to spreading true and accurate information. Sometimes accusations are directly made, however those conclusions were products of internal assessements where a correct judgements is guaranteed.

  Up until now, I still keep Chinese citizenship and there are no prior or ongoing endorsements from any foreign governments or international organisations on the making of such contents. Starting from the 1st anniversary of becoming homeless those facts will be confessed in forms of journals through appropriate channels.

  All of the communications should have been recorded by either the platform or on an internal working protocols of myself, or both. In case of any faults be made on my side, accountabilities will become possible given by the openness of the fediverse network. You may have already noticed that fediverse communication abilities had been activated on my Threads account.

   If you have additional questions, I remain at your disposals. Feel free to ask.


   Li Ao

It is learned that consécutive new lines might had been omitted by the Threads system. This is not a fault of the user.
