[THE FOLLOWING CONTENTS ARE TO BE POSTED ON BEHALF OF THE CONCERNED ACCOUNT, SPLITTED INTO MULTIPLE PARTS AS  THREADS BY NEW MESSAGES REPLYING TO PREVIOUS ONES.]
==================================
 [Journey to International Protection]
 
 Part III: The Official Move
 
 I was set to depart from home in the early morning of 15th December. During the night I did not sleep but was on my computermaking some final preparations on the digital assets of mine. There were so many documents and other important saved progresses of my digital works, but due to some reasons I cannot make a full transfer and I was not going to do that entirely; I have prepared to be missing them in a considerable long time period.
 
 As the time approaches I was about to leave. Getting everything prepared, I calmly took a final look at my house. It was a short eye-catching and I stepped out of the entrance of my house.
 
 My mom will take me to the railway station and I'll finish the remaining trip. As I enter the first ticketing check entrance which will divide us two, I left without detterence. I knew that the final goodbye is happening and it made little use to linger a bit longer. [as I am writing in there I cried; deep heartbreaking moment]
 
 Hours long of the train, I arrived in Shenzhen. It was almost night. Without deterrence, I started walking the way to the west, that is where it's Bao'an International Airport locates. I did not take electronic devices so I relied on my rememberence and a script of pedestrian moves. I printed it out on papers.
 
 During walking on the way I was eating the remaining foods provided by mom. There were chocolate wafer and some biscuits. I cried spontaneously, but I never thought of returning home.
 
 That night in urban Shenzhen I saw a man coming with a dog. It was medium-to-large sized and it ran around a broad space near that man. It was and is still common throughout China and to avoid being annoyed and disgused by uncivilised people bred by the Chinese Communist Party I had no choice but to leave.
 
 From the eastern precincts of Futian and Nanshan to the western district of Bao'an, I initially walked along the Liuxian Ave. The road infrastructure in China is very well developed and that road signs for both pedestrian and vehicle driving use with detailed coverage of street-level information exist in a very perfect iteration. As I was following the road signs along this road, I later entered a relatively startled, obscure, and narrow road; I knew it was the same road as only one way it was, but the dog barks ahead the way stopped me from moving. I moved to a nearby highway, and by walking alongside countless numbers of different sizes of cars, and later moved through a tunnel, I had finally reached a pedestrian walkway in the west.
 
 I moved on and finally got to the Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport. I was very sleppy and tired when I arrived.
 
 Having spent a day inside the airport I went on to the check-in area of my airlines, Singapore Airlines, chose in considerations of safety reasons. The first destination was Singapore Changi Airport before I will be finally transferred to Kuala Lumpur International Airport, Malaysia.
 
 Time to go! I waited in the queue and finally, got 2 sheets of papers. Each of them bears one leg of the connecting flight.
 
 After customs inspection area, in front of me was the Chinese exit control organ -- as what they call themselves, China Border Inspection.
 
[THE FOLLOWING POST IS TO BE SENT IN THE FORM OF THREADS, NEW MESSAGES REPLYING TO THE PREVIOUS, IF CHARACTERS EXCEED THE LIMIT.]

 I hereby address cyber police forces in support of the Chinese Communist Party and those people becoming manipulated by it of both whom act to oppose me.

 I recently noticed that my new posts, provided if they are not engaging other people or posts, receive few reactions and for which I believe, after an assessment, is a product of massive negative actions acted against on my account, which triggers de-prioritisation of my posts for feed delivery.

 You're wrong if you simply think that this would deter my steps of anti-CCP activities; instead I have already had a systemized framework for treating these issues. For example, key posts deemed imperative for documentation are to be backed up on other systems, and I also have already projected massive outreach of my asylum seeking stories be happen after a considerable amount of efforts on both the writing of stories, and the optimisation of social media accounts' parameters. In short, your actions are already considered and I have already had developed and developing rectification measures for it.

 Your botched behaviours cannot conceal the truth; instead it will only become a short excerpt of many difficulties I face and will be facing in the chapter of seeking international protection.

 I also planned on using Medium simultaneously to publish my stories. Do remember that an open Internet is what you feared the most, and another thing amongst them is, to telling the truth and presenting the evidences.

 If you don't want people to oppose you all the way, just don't commit a crime. This is why wise citizens in your country hate you instead of Japan despite the latter massively killed their ancestors.

 My participation to revenge against your Party is a result as you ruined my entire life of my home which forced me to flee; manipulated my partner resulting in severe mental issues; continuing to annoy and disgust me by extending your outreach globally; keep becoming obsessed with poisoning fellow Chinese citizens including teachers, young pupils, business owners, and others of innocent; and many more. In my childhood you subjected your guilty hands to apply on me, and now it's time to let you know all of your criminality.

 You voided international respect of Chinese citizens and I'm also feel being a victim.  However, as Chinese folks say that "every barrier becomes hard to break but all of them can break," those appear to be impossible belongs to strong people. I will convert your obstacles into numerous of invigorations and become committed to addressing every single issues.

 Communism is a crime, and I hope that international recognition will arrive despite lately, but is not absent.


 -- Li Ao, written in Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia, 23 December 2025
 
 [THE FOLLOWING POST IS TO BE POSTED ON BEHALF OF THIS THREADS ACCOUNT, SPLIT THEM INTO MULTIPLE WITH NEW POSTS REPLYING TO PREVIOUS ONE.]
 
   [Journey to International Protection]
   
   Part IV: A Little Background for Choosing Malaysia
   
   As I did not get a visa to a matured country that I could find another pathway other than just seeking asylum to address the issues, the backup plan was then being used: moving to a relatively safe and developed country for short-term living on each time of entry, and exit the country on time for another re-entry or to seeking another way to further address the issue on living.
   
   An inquiry email sent to the mailbox of a consulate office of Malaysia in China confirmed so straightforward, saying that I "will be given 30 days of stay" under the scenario I had discussed, for which is to seeking entry on a Chinese ordinary passport. Also as Malaysia's immigration system doesn't simply distinguish tourism and other private purposes on accessing the territory for this entitlement, it means that I could actually living in there provided if not engaging in prohibited activities including taking up employments.
   
   It really took me a long time with many failed attempts to buying a ticket at Singapore Airlines. For safety reasons to maintain the least disclosure of my plan and to prevent police from an early intervention which was then determined might be disrupting my trip I cannot buy tickets on Chinese websites and apps as they must ask for intensive degree of particu
   ars including my passport number and issuing country. However, I also couldn't use my Visa and Mastercard deit cards from Bank of China, as their 3D Secure infrastructure is very badly built, that I can't even know the nature of failed transactions by calling the customer contact center or walking into a branch for inquiries; even if the system verdicts that transaction can be completed but should verify the cardholder's authenticity, a Chinese mobile phone number must be registered in advance in order to get a one-time code which is the only way for doing that. I can't register a Chinese number due to security reasons and for upholding my dignity, so I was once stuck at finding a way to buy this ticket.
   
   The final projection of starting to flee was around 1st to 20th of December, 2024, but I didn't finish buying it until the very near end. I ended up noticing that a web interface which makes use of UnionPay's online payment infrastructure was supported by the booking website, meaning that only a browser is necessary and likely no facial scans which violates my dignity, but it was still unsure which card I could make use of. I did have many cards from different banks but they were uniformly subjected to hightened and restrictive measures of the regulatory body, and almost all of them had either become locked, be cancelled, or had some important functions disabled. I can't even enable this online payment functionality for one card of mine, as the bank staff did not even know of this feature, and most unbelievably after they had found the module on their core IT system after my guidance, they didn't even know what it readdy does. People either obfuscate "China UnonPay Payment Gateway" with a third-party payment processing infrastructure, or don't even know what that was for. Card from that bank was not used and I later found my CTIC Bank card able to use this functionality, and it was linked to a Chinese number when staffers were activating my cards in front of my apartment building so that I could use a PC to get SMS codes during the registration. I really thanked myself for preoaring things early, as this gave me vital help for this time.
   
   I assessed Malaysia a safe country for travel and information of the travel advisory published on the US Department of State gave me many important information which resulted in an informed decision. I also bought a ticket from Malaysia to Singapore as onward travel ticket afterwards, before I started my trip.
   
   After confirming my final date of travel I started to taking a really, final relax. During this period of about 2-3 weeks my mother gave me continued support as she bought snacks and made meals for me just like as usual.
   
   I initially planned to continue to apply for the same type of visa of that countr6 while being in Malaysia, I knew that it could be hard but I did not think too much about it. Throughout the year 2024 I had really spent so much time for planning my travel.
   
   Before starting my trip I knew that Malaysia is a country which largely adopting a Western approach for harmonising its administrative law enforcement and judging an existing outcome of assessment I was very unlikely to be refused entry, but I still worried a little bit about it as this was very important to my future. I  really cannot find another place to go.